## Automation

Throughout the past two weeks, it's become clear that there are limitations with using GreenGrass due to the fact that this software extremely new. In order to help speed up the process of setup and deployment to GreenGrass Cores, scripts were developed to automate this process. In order to complete any of these steps, an AWS account is needed. An IAM Role, with access to all Lambda, S3, GreenGrass, IOT and EC2 resources (or AdministratorAccess), is required in order to configure the terminal. You must have the aws-cli installed along with the boto3 python3 wrapper also installed. The aws-cli should also be configured by using the command aws configure.

### Single Core Provisioning
The first major obstacle is the fact that the cores have to be setup with the appropriate GreenGrass software so that they can communicate via the MQTT channels with the AWS GreenGrass portal. This necessitated the creation of the files located in the "OneCoreAutomation" folder. In order to setup up the group on the AWS portal and to setup the actual core device, first, the `greengo.yaml` file must be edited with the appropriate configuration. Next, the directory labelled `GreengrassHelloWorld` contains a python file (`greengrassHelloWorld.py`). This file should be modified so that the appropriate lambda function can be deployed to AWS. Once this is complete, run the following line of code in a terminal that can access the device as well as the AWS GreenGrass core: ```./automateCreation.sh <IP_ADDRESS>``` where the `<IP_ADDRESS>` should be replaced with the IP Address of the actual GreenGrass Core. The script should run automatically and should show a successful deployment message once fully complete. User input may be required to complete the upgrade of the Ubuntu System and to allow SSH for the very first time.
